I'll eat it for you because you don't
like can you try okay just fruits when
you're eight please thank you
oh my god Simon dressing there are the
mushrooms
[Music]
Kanta only and blow up she looks hot
these are all
see and beam no sir Oh
[Music]
you don't break number beer well the
dough shop
I'm sure the still yes yes I think it's
a cream Oh what makes it amazing is the
cream and set up
was it luck
sanding sponge cake robbery
and they eat it Allah in Telugu in
Zaragoza in the normally detail of the
hustle it is in con along the BA a few
bites not happy now but I tell you my
favorite we have a singin or beautiful
memory
come on my nostalgia involve the visible
so dramatic about Megan
thinking about different sort of tanaga
evil malamar 1 good and divine then it
morning and set up the bacilli given I'm
cream you bring our love for you I'm
kind of curious I simply went that up
Biba we got fire in inhale deliver who
didn't inhale or similar similar to the
last drop oh I think now is the perfect
time cuz it from November all the way
until February cuz I mean you know we're
not in a pinnacle time giving you know
that I also do some other stuff so if
they're afraid Norma Holland food in
there I'll advise go go to the
convenience or supplemental capetti
salad and fruits readiness ah secondly
you mama I know
Mahima Billy dad RAL in life so the maps
namond L furthermore Subway's the
English version on Serena
mo oh Allah and it's super convenient
the best thing I think about Japan the
Japanese are just so courteous super
helpful and they're so proud of their
country that they want you to enjoy here
goes
learning more tourism experience at all
and it is a beautiful experience
[Music]
you